I was at school and was between periods
we didn't have cell phones back then and
there was a little booth or a little
cutout in the wall where the payphone in
our school would bring my mom knew that
number and I think she also knew when my
classes started and then that and so
someone said hey wimps has called for
you and mom's on the phone so I went and
got that call my mom said hey Eric you
know I got these tickets for the game
the Olympic game tomorrow night it may
have been a couple nights away but I
said yeah yeah I would be very
interested in going it was an
unforgettable experience from start to
finish we all got on a bus and I think
it was pretty cheap and for some reason
my mom fell into some cheap and extra
tickets for the ride and they had a box
lunch and there was a Mateus Rose a
bottle of wine in there I was 15 years
old and I had never really drunk before
and I saved that bottle of wine for the
game and so I was standing up there in
the stairs with my little bow of with
Deus Rose a sort of sneaky little little
drinks I thought I was really partying
the size of the arena and the degree to
which you could feel the crowd and hear
the crowd it had to have been some sort
of advantage for the team it was
fabulous I remember not being a lot of
space among the people I remember being
sort of packed in there so the Soviets
right they come on the icing at these
nice stark red uniforms and the CCCP the
cyrillic that was sort of otherworldly
in its own and they were all so vaunted
and they played hockey like nobody else
in the world these guys obviously had
played together for years and years and
they were a machine and early in the
game I remember a sequence or something
I look at my brother like oh my god
these guys don't come from the same plan
it is - I thought the Soviets may have
been toying with us it was until last
couple seconds that I thought that the
US team was going to pull this out
I do remember Eruzione with
his wrist shot I remember him coming
across the middle getting a clear shot
and I remember that it's like oh my god
I can't believe that just happened
the players were just all over them and
we were up there jumping there was no
one in that arena that was sitting there
there was no one that was sitting down
it was like thunder the energy I think
could have sustained for nine periods of
hockey it was just people screaming and
loving the moment and being so excited
that we had done the impossible
and I remember my brother's nice took
write it together and we just couldn't
believe what it happened it always
brings a little bit of energy or just a
just sort of a jolt to me my brother's
one way when the conversation comes
around to that every time someone
commemorates that it's something that my
brothers and I I don't I don't know that
it brings us closer we're already really
close but it's something that definitely
excites us and animates us and it's my
parents you know
sorry you know my parents could have
just gone from left us behind you know
but they they sent us up there you know
they sent us up there and they're very
typical of how nice they were they
wanted to see us enjoy stuff like that
it was a big boost for me and my
brothers but it was really something
that I'm thankful to my parents for in
2000 every sports analyst declared that
the Miracle on Ice was the greatest
sporting event of the of the 20th
century that was like yeah and we were
there
you